TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- Ordinals:
	- `[1-10](th)`
	- `[1-10.ordinal]`?
- Context-sensitive articles:
	- `[animal.a]`
- Pluralization:
	- Conditional:
		- `[x=1-5] [item.s($x)]`
	- Unconditional:
		- `[item.s]`
- Case:
	- Preserve case
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE]`
	- Lower case:
		- `[symbol name]`
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE.lower]`
	- Sentence case:
		- `[Symbol name]`
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE.sentence]`
	- Title case:
		- `[Symbol Name]`
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE.title]`
	- Upper case:
		- `[SYMBOL NAME]`
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE.upper]`
- Patterns vs. blocks:
	- Special: all text in blocks (by default)
	- Pattern: double quotes
	- Literal: single quotes
- Parameterized rules:
	- Symbol definition: `greet(name)`
	- Rule definition: `Hi, [$name]!`
	- Invocation: `[greet('Bob')]`
- Markov chains: `[name.markov]`
- Escape characters: `\[not a block\]`
- Interactive mode:
	- Input prompts
	- Nicer formatting
	- Reuse the last input when a blank line is entered
- Notify about syntax errors nicely rather than throwing raw Python exceptions
- Flag to control whether unused variables are reset between lines
- Precompute rules to avoid running regex matches for every query

Commit message:

Add indefinite article and plural modifiers

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- Ordinals:
	- `[1-10](th)`
	- `[1-10.ordinal]`?
- Pluralization:
	- Conditional:
		- `[x=1-5] [item.s($x)]`
- Case:
	- Preserve case
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE]`
	- Lower case:
		- `[symbol name]`
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE.lower]`
	- Sentence case:
		- `[Symbol name]`
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE.sentence]`
	- Title case:
		- `[Symbol Name]`
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE.title]`
	- Upper case:
		- `[SYMBOL NAME]`
		- `[sYmBoL nAmE.upper]`
- Patterns vs. blocks:
	- Special: all text in blocks (by default)
	- Pattern: double quotes
	- Literal: single quotes
- Parameterized rules:
	- Symbol definition: `greet(name)`
	- Rule definition: `Hi, [$name]!`
	- Invocation: `[greet('Bob')]`
- Markov chains: `[name.markov]`
- Escape characters: `\[not a block\]`
	- Strip unescaped backslashes as a post-processing pass
- Interactive mode:
	- Input prompts
	- Nicer formatting
	- Reuse the last input when a blank line is entered
- Notify about syntax errors nicely rather than throwing raw Python exceptions
- Flag to control whether unused variables are reset between lines
- Precompute rules to avoid running regex matches for every query
- Make basic guesses at indefinite articles and plurals if inflect is not installed
